---
layout: post
comment: true
title:  "2017-02-21 Diary"
subtitle: "Je suis fatiguée de la vie."
date:   2017-02-21 22:34:01
categories: [diary]
---

C'est jour, toutes leçons sont à propos d'informatique. Ce n'est parceque je suis étudiante en langues étrangères, mais parceque un professeur a parlé que mon petit copain est bon en tout au sujet d'informatique. Par exemple, la conception de site web, il pense que tout site web est creé par mon petit copain. C'est honteux.

Bon soir, et bonne vie.

---

Everytime I try so hard to produce some sentences in foreign languages, there always will be some phrases in my mind. Growing in the heart, vanishing as dust. It's a worn out doll.

Avoiding of vague meaning, I should tell those complain again today. There is one professor knowing about that my boyfriend is good at everything of computer science. Though knowing I was the teemmate of my boyfriend, participating many big contests, or hearing about me from one professor of CSIE, he behaves like that there is nothing about me about the website designing when my boyfriend and I going to him for the information of his needing of web designer.

He doesn't mean it.

But I can feel it.

All can be short of that every honor is based on my boyfriend.

Yes, I know it would just be one possible of what he actually thought of.

Nevertheless, he didn't ask me if I participated in designing too, and all the questions he asked about our work, the subject always is one person.

Well, it makes me feel so sad. And that's all. About what I deeply remembered today. To clarify, this week is the first week of the new semeser, and many professors didn't teach too many courses.

Have a good dream.