---
layout: post
comment: true
title:  "2017-02-25 Diary"
subtitle: "Se reposer"
date:   2017-02-25 22:34:01
categories: [diary]
---

C'est jour, je m'ai reposée pendant longtmpes. J'ai voir des animations, et je jouerai à le jeu informatique après je écris mon journal.

Et ce matin, je m'ai disputée avec mon petit copain au sujet du déjeuner quand il est dépêché de prendre le train. Il as pensé que il y n'a pas assez de temps pour un déjeuner, alors que j'ai pensé c'est seulement parceque il n'as pas vu prendre le prochain train.

Oui, il y n'a pas vraiment vrai ou faux truc.

Bon soir!

---

I'm the laziest girl in the world. Precisely, it's on this day. Maybe it's because I have studied so hard in this week or because my boyfriend is in his real home now leaving me alone.

Being a pessimism, and being a student major in foreign language, there are bunches things that I worry about or hate about. Like communicating with others. In the past time, I learned that people can argue with one thing for more than three times even if I have told than the truth in mine. And like speaking english. I can't remember so many words. I can think very fast, faster than remembering what I thought. But I can't remember so many things. And I believe it's because I still believe maybe I will arrive the end in the next second. Only I want to live makes me feel and remember again. Or like being unable to thinking like the others in the same department. They can explain so much for just one tiny thing, which in my words can be just one word. It's so ironic.

And being a human, or a girl. There is no model for me to imitate. Consequently, I don't know how to do this. Or maybe it's just because the above. I don't want to be.

Now, please, I beg you, at least being happy, being trying to trust. It's very hard. But it's the best way... that I know.

Good night~