---
layout: post
comment: true
title:  "2017-02-20 Diary"
subtitle: "I'll try"
date:   2017-02-20 22:34:01
categories: [diary]
---

It's almost bad day, actually.

But, it's my first day for the new semester of university! I should be excited about the coming challenges of the courses I've chosen. And then kick them out.

Here's the thing.

This morning, I accompany with two friends of my department. They told everything that they have encountered and what they thought. But there is nothing about me, about what we care.

And after lunch, I try to call my boyfriend for asking the calendar of courses of new semester. But he didn't answer it. And I wanted to buy the textbook of a course, which is said to be very hard to pass, and he said no, based on the price that can be lower by group buying. And in my opinion, I wanted to do something to make me feel I can pass it because if I can't pass it, I will wait another semester, no, I will fight another semester to get the threshold of double major of computer science. No matter what we both thought, I got my way of previewing the pdf of the course, and he got his way of not buying it with the higher price.

But that's not the end. Before a class, we and our friends entered the classroom and found seats. I wanted to sit in front of the podium, and he wanted to sit with our friends. He is reasonable, which I agree. But my view is that I have no choice but fight for the quota of people of this class. After all the mess, he let me go the opposite way of him to get back to our motorcycle without thinking of where we standed, when it is, and that only the students of the department of engineering college can enter freely at night.

All is my complain. And nothing about how nice he treated me after I started poke my face.

Life is sucked. But with those, mess or complain, it's also lovely.

---

J'ai révisé ces leçons du manuel de français de la première édition de l'après-midi. Et j'ai trouvé que j'ai oublié trop des détails dans sa contexte. Mais la date d'un examination presque arrivait, je crainds pour la.

C'est l'heure de s'endormir. Et je ne peux pas faire l'autre phrase.

Bon soir.